# Microsoft-Student-Accelerator---Web-Apps-and-APIs
DOCUMENT FOR H HOSPITAL STAFFING APP
The app is mainly targeted to HR managers working at a hospital called ‘H Hospital’, who are keeping track of employee absence among hospital staff during COVID-19, to ensure staff are always present to provide quality services to COVID-19 patients.
During COVID-19, it is very likely for staff to contract the virus as they are working in environments where COVID-19 can easily spread. As a result, hospital staff absences will increase. However, if there is an increasing number of hospital staff absences, there will be a shortage in the number of staff to provide services e.g. administration or nursing services to treat COVID-19 patients. It will be difficult for HR managers to see which employees will be most available to provide immediate services in the hospital.
Therefore, the Hospital Staff app I created for ‘H Hospital’ will contain all records of the administration and nursing staffers in the hospital, including their names, occupations, number of days absent, reasons for absence, as well as for HR managers to rate their employees using the 5-star rating control on their availability in being able to provide services for COVID-19 patients. These records are connected to a data source in Excel and can be edited, deleted, and added using the ‘edit’, ‘delete’ and ‘add’ functions on the app to include more employee records. The collection of all records on one app makes it easier for HR managers to navigate around the app and search for employees very quickly and conveniently. The app also contains a search bar, which makes it even more easier for HR managers to search for the name of a staff member or their occupation and see which employee is most available to complete a specific job at a hospital. The app also allows HR managers to send messages using a ‘Send Availability Message’ button to employees on their availability to work at the hospital in case of a COVID-19 emergency directly to their phones without having to use other devices or files to send a message. 
The extensibility of the app will be based on including more records on higher-level hospital staff e.g. doctors, surgeons or COVID-19 researchers so that HR managers can keep track of all the staffers in ‘H Hospital’ in terms of their absence. After collecting all the records, the app will be modified to include a ‘compose message’ which allows HR managers to tailor these messages to each type of staffer on their availability as well as providing an explanation for their absence. The app will also include a ‘calendar’ and ‘upload document’ functions to show on which dates the employees were absent to ensure employees are being truthful and also documents to prove their absence. The app can be expanded into other audiences by finding potential employees who are job seeking to work for ‘H Hospital’ based on their records in being mostly-always present to work to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of hospital staff at ‘H Hospital.’ This can be based on collecting another Excel data source of potential employees and sending hiring messages to these potential employees to work for ‘H Hospital.’ 
